hi everyone I have a couple of project
shares here couple months ago I had one
Genet's which is scrap and happy XO here
on YouTube
her giveaway she had made for the u.s.
it was a little like needle book case
sir it's all made out of fabric so when
I received it is so so beautiful she
really inspired me to go ahead and make
one so I did I actually I made two and
so here they are my little cuties and
what's nice about this is that a
majority of it is made out of fat you
know scraps so it was perfect to use up
some of this stuff which I have what I
actually the way us is how I store my
scraps in a big piece so anyway here is
the first one and this was actually just
fabric scraps that I had it's a Parisian
theme and I just put some trim around it
some doilies of rosette and then a
little flat back pearl inside there and
the same thing just put some trim all
the way around it and what I did with
mine is that I used two pieces of fabric
and then I put a filler in between just
to give it a little bit you know more
fullness I and then I just used some
strips of fabric to tie it and you can
put whatever you want in here you know
like here's a cute little card no note
card that I put in there and some more
doilies that I had SMAP leaks a little
and then there's nothing back there so
you can there's the pins needles I'm
gonna put this little tag in here I
figured it would be cute to put like
thread or some cute lace on there some
little flat back pearls very simple it's
a very simple project but it's so
stinking cute
and then just some lace trim and that's
that one and then this is the second one
this one is my favorite
this one I actually just did less than I
finished this one up last night you know
we're just gonna get rid of that same
same fabric that I used some more
doilies and flat back pearl there and
just some scraps of trims you seam
binding for the tie another piece of a
wedding dress and a little tags and
these came from Louisa Diaz's digi kits
they just I thought they weren't really
cute with this and that's I just made
like a little slip here you could stick
something in there and then this here
and what I did was I just took some flat
back pearl and I ran it down the middle
and then I just put this beautiful
antique lace that I had across with this
gorgeous trim that I have I just thought
this page came out so pretty and then
this was just a odd like shapes piece of
scrap that I had so what I did was I
just folded it over and made like a
little pocket and then just put a couple
of little flat back pearls there and
some doilies and then just stuck a
button in the middle of the doilies and
that is it so so simple but yet so so
cute just love them so I'm going to be
mailing these out to a few people and I
hope everyone is having a great day and
I will talk to you all later bye now